when we were kids were disgusting
fields
they were not even herbal they were harry
you are terrible uneven there was no form sometimes
there was only one normal ball on
the team then so many trained
but my brother and I always wanted to play
on real football arenas
a century of professional history
football club CSKA store a lot
ups and downs volitional victories in
championships and tournaments
as well as 1 Russian victory in European competition
to remain the best Russian
clubs and winning Europe need to
young players were better than us faster
were running
stronger than Belik
emphasis did not train and bring them to us
and not only in Moscow and throughout Russia
because CSK is a Russian club
problem of development of children and youth
football in Russia
it is quite acute why
main goal of long-term partnership
professional football club CSKA
and holding Russian networks is
development and popularization of football and sports
in the regions of Russia
cooperation in this direction is
another social level
holding responsibility of the Russian network
Russia's largest energy
The Company provides transfer and
electricity distribution
Russian networks today are four hundred
sixty five thousand substations and more
2 million kilometers of lines
power lines that serve
more than 200 thousand employees
starting season 2013-2014
professional football club cisco
together with the holding Russian networks
opens a new page in history
National Football in Nizhny Novgorod
in Saratov Krasnoyarsk Rostov-on-Don
Ekaterinburg Surgut Pyatigorsk
Kaliningrad
Tomsk and Krasnodar will be built
sports complexes in which to study
thousands of kids coach out can raise
qualification under the guidance of experienced
professionals from professional
football club cisco talented
children will have the opportunity to pass
internship in youth sports
school army one of the strongest
football schools in Russia
It is planned to create 12 football schools in
10 regions of Russia will be built
modern sports complexes are equipped
on the latest technology
because to convince tomorrow you need
be the best today
Russian networks and cisco
energy of new victories